Reviews Gallery Page Apollo Heat Source / Testimonials


Sarah Skelding
Highly recommend Chris.. the fire place was a lot bigger than anticipated but the finished job couldn’t be happier. All done in 2 days. So happy with my log burner.

Rachael Shephard
Fantastic service from quoting to finishing. Really pleased with the quality of workmanship, multi-fuel stove, tiles, and beam. Highly recommend Apollo Heatsource, plus we’re loving the free pizza oven!

Amy Holland
Great Service, really reasonable on price, good quality workmanship, and good industry knowledge. Lots of experience and very reliable, would highly recommend Apollo Heatsource and will be using again :-)

Domantas Lapenas
Chris did an excellent job installing our fireplace! They were professional, efficient, and paid great attention to detail. The installation was smooth, and the final result looks fantastic. Highly recommend their services!

Claire Burgess
Fitted our multi stove, chimney breast, and outside flue on the 1st floor of our 3-storey house. They did an amazing job & absolutely love it, so do our dogs!! Will always have him back for our yearly chimney sweep. Really professional and always cleans up after himself. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

Valma Williams
Chris did an amazing job fitting my multifuel burner. He was always approachable, patient, and professional, with a great sense of humor.

Steve O'Connor
Great service, good price, very knowledgeable, and fire looks great. Recommended.

Sarah Hughes
We are in the third winter of using our log burner. Testament that a great job was done. While it was fitted, they were respectful of the property, explained everything they …

Jodie Vasper
Extremely pleased with the installation of our log burner. Chris explained exactly what was required and carried this out to a great standard. Chris turned up on time every day and cleaned up after each day of installation. I would recommend Apollo Heatsource to anyone looking for a log burner to be installed ☺️

Gareth Law
Fantastic service from start to finish with my stove install. The workmanship was first class and Chris made sure the work area was spotless when he was finished. Would certainly recommend Apollo Heatsource to anyone.

Russ Stringer
Chris came out to clean and repair our 2 log burners, great guy, great job, and very professional. Would recommend to anyone.

Dave Lunn
Chris’ work is professional, clean, and tidy. His knowledge is second to none, and the attention to detail and work is outstanding.

Scott Vidal
Great clean worker. Chris opened up both my chimney breasts and fitted liners. First-class work and service.

Greg Chambers
I originally was recommended Apollo Heat and I’m so glad I used them. They fitted my log burner correctly after another company fitted it wrong and unsafe. Since then, he has always serviced my burner and swept the chimney. Recently, they have …

Michelle Green
I highly recommend Apollo Heatsource, Chris is always professional, punctual, and highly knowledgeable.

Cherie Wilbraham
Chris is extremely reliable, competent, and friendly. He is honest about his prices and works hard whilst he’s with you. Really would recommend him to anyone.